{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AnonymousPro;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AnonymousPro-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb720\margt720
\deftab720
\pard\tx6400\pardeftab720\sa80\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Logan Moseley\
\pard\tx6400\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 Software Engineer\
\pard\tx6400\pardeftab720\sa400\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.github.com/loganmoseley"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 github.com/loganmoseley}}   {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/loganmoseley/"}}{\fldrslt linkedin.com/in/loganmoseley}}\uc0\u8232 949-412-5226   {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:logan@loganmoseley.com"}}{\fldrslt logan@loganmoseley.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Senior iOS engineer with 15 years of experience building large-scale apps at Block, Medium, and The New York Times. Led the NYT Crossword app from inception to >1M MAU; modernized the Medium app in-flight; co-founded the project that unified five Square POS apps into one. Comfortable building from scratch and evolving decade-old systems. Drawn to simple abstractions, fast feedback loops, and software that feels real and physical.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw22
CORE COMPETENCIES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Swift and Objective-C; SwiftUI and UIKit; Swift Concurrency, Combine and Grand Central Dispatch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw22
EXPERIENCE\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Square (Block)	May 2022\'96February 2026\uc0\u8232 Software Engineer L6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 iOS Tech Lead of Square Appointments and Square Invoices, whose audiences account for half of Square GPV.\
\pard\tx144\tx432\pardeftab720\li432\fi-432\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Co-founded the \'93SuperPOS\'94 2023 Hack Week winning project that unified all five Square POS apps. DRI for the real Appointments project, which included migrating DI, lifecycle, subscriptions, and more. It shipped. The main Square app now includes all POS modes.\
\ls1\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Added a technique to enable Xcode Previews for certain modules across the iOS monorepo, working around \'93blocking\'94 Bazel issues. Previews built in seconds and were easier to fake, orders of magnitude faster than building the full app, saving valuable engineering time.\
\ls1\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Owned and advanced our SLO dashboards and crash monitoring, putting strong processes in place using Datadog, Bugsnag, and runbooks.\
\ls1\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Constrained Appointments data sync from concurrent to serial PUTs, solving a decade old concurrent sync issue. The change reduced server load overall, reduced 500 errors by 98%, and improved app responsiveness.\
\pard\tx144\tx432\pardeftab720\li432\fi-432\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Led our next generation Calendar UI, our defining Appointments interface, written with SwiftUI. Not yet released.\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Medium	March 2021\'96March 2022\uc0\u8232 Staff Software Engineer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Led cleanup and modernization after Medium\'92s multi-year iOS app reboot.\
\pard\tx144\tx432\pardeftab720\li432\fi-432\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Tech lead/DRI for 2 iOS teams in 5 time zones, CA to Ukraine. Ran weekly architecture syncs and learning sessions to improve trust and collaboration.\
\ls2\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Recognized that years of inconsistent patterns, sparse documentation, and slow builds were hurting the team. Gathered team input, prioritized the work, secured VP buy-in, and DRI\'92d the improvement project.\
\ls2\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Incrementally modernized the app while it continued shipping: monolith toward modularization, MVC toward MVVM, and ad-hoc UI toward a shared design system.\
\ls2\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Reduced build and dependency complexity by de-duping and consolidating, removing ~50K lines of internal code and ~400K lines including dependencies, with no loss of functionality.\
\pard\tx144\tx432\pardeftab720\li432\fi-432\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Resolved architectural disagreements, eg. MVVM vs Redux, by pushing toward simple patterns that were easier and faster to work in.\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 The New York Times	October 2013\'96March 2021\uc0\u8232 Senior Software Engineer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Led the NYT Crossword iOS app from its inception to over 1M MAU.\
\pard\tx144\tx432\pardeftab720\li432\fi-432\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Managed evolving code, eg. Obj-C to Swift, MVC to MVVM, and 3 layout refreshes; sustained small install & runtime footprints; while proudly staying 99.99% crash-free.\
\ls3\ilvl0\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Grew a culture of documentation, in-depth code review, and a strong QA relationship. Mentored 6 engineers and interns. Started the long-running weekly functional programming meetup, which turned into a SwiftUI club.\
\pard\tx144\tx432\pardeftab720\li432\fi-432\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Worked with the backend team to define OpenAPI specs and wrote our Swift code generator for \'93Server View Model\'94 that powered the main tab.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw22
ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Software Engineer, OMGPOP (acquired by Zynga)\uc0\u8232 Co-Founder & Developer, CalamitySoft\u8232 QA Analyst, Blizzard Entertainment\u8232 Game Tester in Quality Assurance, Atlus\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw22
EDUCATION\
\pard\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY\uc0\u8232 B.S. in Computer Science, 2009. Minors in Games Studies and Japanese.\
}